It's not fair!
That's right!
But that's only half of it.
This was a dead end a minute ago.
No! That's the dead end, behind you!
It keeps changing! What am I supposed to do?
Well, the only way out of here is to try one
of these doors.
One of them leads to the castle at the center
of the Labyrinth, and the other one leads
to---bum bum bum bum---certain death!
Oooooooh!
Which one is which?
Eh, we can't tell you.
Why not?
Um, we don't know!
But they do.
Oh, then I'll ask them.
Um, no, you can't ask us.
You can only ask one of us.
This is the rules.
And I should warn you that one of us always
tells the truth and one of us always lies.
That's (?), he always lies.
I do not!
I tell the truth!
Oooh, what a lie.
He's the liar!
Alright, answer yes or no.
Would he tell me that this door leads to the
castle?
Uh...yes.
Then...the other door leads to the castle
and this door leads to certain death.
Oooh!
How do you know?
He could be telling the truth.
But then you wouldn't be, so if you tell me
that he said yes, I know the answer is no.
But I could be telling the truth.
But then he would be lying.
So if you tell me that he said yes, I know
the answer would still be no.
Wait a minute, is that right?
I don't know!
I've never understood it!
No, it's right.
I figured it out.
I could never do it before.
I think I'm getting smarter!
This is a piece of cake!